# VBA-Challenge
VBA Challenge Script.bas & Sub Tickerchallenge2().vb -> Separate VBA script files****
  Both files are the code for the challenge. BAS file is exported from vba, VB file is exported from VSC.
Brief description of code-
    There is loop that look through every worksheet. Inside that loop, there is an inner loop running through the data. The inner loop searches through the given data, from the second line to the last row, specifically finding the start and end dates for each unique ticker symbol. The last row variable is calculated at the beginning of each worksheet. 
    For the start date for a unique ticker symbol (check if the date ends in 0102), the code marks that ticker symbol, the open price, and add the volume to the volume total. For any dates neither start or end dates, it will just add onto the running volume total. For the end date of that ticker symbol (check if the date ends in 1231), the code marks the close price and add the final volume to the volume total. With all the variables set, the code executes the formulas to calculate the results, conditionally format the cells based on the yearly change value, and prints all of the results to its appropriate cell. Then, the code will conditionally check the current percent change and total volume against the greatest % increase, greatest % decrease, and greatest total volume record holders. If the percent change is more than the greatest % increase record holder, it will replace the record holder value with the percent change for the current ticker symbol. The same logic applies to greatest volume (except comparing the total volume) and the greatest % decrease (except finding if the percent change is less than the current record holder).  
    There is a separate counter, labeled 'counter' that keeps track which row to print the ticker, yearly change, percent change, and total stock volume. There is also the remaining sum for the volume total. This counter increase and the volume total is reset at the end of each unique ticker symbol (marked by the end date found). At the end of the worksheet loop, the counter is reset to the original value. 
CODE SOURCE: 
'For Each ws In Worksheets' from VBA-Scripting > Stu_Census_Pt1 > Census_pt1_solution
'lastRow = ws.Cells(Rows.Count, "A").End(xlUp).Row + 1' from VBA-Scripting > Stu_Census_Pt1 > Census_pt1_solution
